“Commemorative practices, which not only reflect but were used strategically to con-struct and negotiate identities, relationships, and experiences in the colonial era, provide the opportunity to explore the ways in which people in Barbados reacted and contributed to transformations in social structures, race, and mobility, particularly in the period following emancipation.” (Cook, 2018) To be honest, this week was a rather rough one. I usually consider myself to be ‘tech savy’ in that I’m usually helping my friends and family with computer related issues, but when it came to the 3D modelling and creating a webmap of the graveyard I used, I was truly stumped. I tried my best to follow the instructions given, downloaded the programs when necessary, but most of the words in the instructions meant nothing to me. I felt overwhelmed by new information and I didn’t even know where to start so I could do the assignments. I tried chugging along to the best of my abilities, but I came to realize that there where so many obstacles, I had not taken enough pictures of the grave stones to be able to create a good model, and even when I tried with the pictures I had, I came up with many errors about parametrics(?), focal points, and even the program straight up telling me I didn’t have enough pictures. I was frustrated since I couldn’t even understand the trouble shoot solutions given in the discord from people who had the same issues. 
On the other hand, I did find some success in the online logging of my gravestones. I really felt that the more I was doing, the more I learned about the questionnaire, and things I could add to make my report more specific. There were still a few things I was confused about, or just didn’t know, like the material of the stones, the interpretation of some of the stones and monuments, etc, but overall I feel like I did pretty well consider this to be my first time ever doing something like this. I did notice something a bit strange about the graveyard and those who were commemorated there, and those who were not. For example, William Nixon was buried there, along with who I assumed to be his daughter Alice Nixon, given her last name, and the fact her father was also named William Nixon, but his wife, Margaret was not. That seems to be the case for all the men and who were buried in this graveyard. None of their wives are buried there, but some are commemorated on a monument. In terms of aspects of the work that affected me emotionally, I think the biggest thing was when I was recording the dates of birth and death, I barely thought about it, but later I realized that two of the graves where for children younger than 10. That made me understandably sad. In terms of the auras of 3D models…. I’ll refer you to my previous frustrations. When thinking about the ways mapping the Moodie Family Cemetery gave me authority and power, I feel like there wasn’t really any. Since the cemetery I chose was in a public park, I feel like it is already well known. I felt like I was really just tracing a map that already existed, and that if I made a mistake, everyone would know since they could easily find the original.
